facebook.com
Name
RegistrarSafe, LLC
Whois Server
whois.registrarsafe.com
Referral URL
http://www.registrarsafe.com
Status
clientDeleteProhibited https://icann.org/epp#clientDeleteProhibited
clientTransferProhibited https://icann.org/epp#clientTransferProhibited
clientUpdateProhibited https://icann.org/epp#clientUpdateProhibited
serverDeleteProhibited https://icann.org/epp#serverDeleteProhibited
serverTransferProhibited https://icann.org/epp#serverTransferProhibited
serverUpdateProhibited https://icann.org/epp#serverUpdateProhibited

google.com
Name
MarkMonitor Inc.
Whois Server
whois.markmonitor.com
Referral URL
http://www.markmonitor.com
Status
clientDeleteProhibited https://icann.org/epp#clientDeleteProhibited
clientTransferProhibited https://icann.org/epp#clientTransferProhibited
clientUpdateProhibited https://icann.org/epp#clientUpdateProhibited
serverDeleteProhibited https://icann.org/epp#serverDeleteProhibited
serverTransferProhibited https://icann.org/epp#serverTransferProhibited
serverUpdateProhibited https://icann.org/epp#serverUpdateProhibited

instagram.com
Name
RegistrarSafe, LLC
Whois Server
whois.registrarsafe.com
Referral URL
http://www.registrarsafe.com
Status
clientDeleteProhibited https://icann.org/epp#clientDeleteProhibited
clientTransferProhibited https://icann.org/epp#clientTransferProhibited
clientUpdateProhibited https://icann.org/epp#clientUpdateProhibited
serverDeleteProhibited https://icann.org/epp#serverDeleteProhibited
serverTransferProhibited https://icann.org/epp#serverTransferProhibited
serverUpdateProhibited https://icann.org/epp#serverUpdateProhibited

figma.com
Name
Amazon Registrar, Inc.
Whois Server
whois.registrar.amazon.com
Referral URL
http://registrar.amazon.com
Status
clientDeleteProhibited https://icann.org/epp#clientDeleteProhibited
clientTransferProhibited https://icann.org/epp#clientTransferProhibited
clientUpdateProhibited https://icann.org/epp#clientUpdateProhibited

github.com
Name
MarkMonitor Inc.
Whois Server
whois.markmonitor.com
Referral URL
http://www.markmonitor.com
Status
clientDeleteProhibited https://icann.org/epp#clientDeleteProhibited
clientTransferProhibited https://icann.org/epp#clientTransferProhibited
clientUpdateProhibited https://icann.org/epp#clientUpdateProhibited